#159: Extract common code for extension integration tests (#160)
exasol/extension-manager: doc/extension_developer_guide.md

* `buildExtension`: Set this to `false` in order to skip building the extension definition before the tests. Use this to speedup tests when the extension definition is not modified.
* `buildExtensionManager`: Set this to `false` to skip building/installing the extension manager binary. Use this to speedup tests when extension manager is not modified.
* `extensionManagerVersion`: Version of EM to use during tests. By default EITFJ uses the same version as the version defined in `pom.xml` for `extension-manager-integration-test-java`. Changing this is not recommended.

### Integration Test Base Classes

> EITFJ contains two abstract base classes for integration tests that contain basic tests useful for most extensions:

Reviewer: Do the integration test utilities have a dedicated short tag EITFJ?

File [https://github.com/exasol/extension-manager/blob/main/extension-manager-integration-test-java/error_code_config.yml](error_code_config.yml) says: `EMIT` (which I think could be mixed up with the English word "emit").

Author: Replaced EMIT with EITFJ

* `com.exasol.extensionmanager.itest.base.AbstractScriptExtensionIT`: for `SCRIPT`-only extensions that don't support instances
* `com.exasol.extensionmanager.itest.base.AbstractVirtualSchemaExtensionIT`: for `VIRTUAL SCHEMA` extensions that do support instances

> To use these base classes, just create a new test, extend the appropriate base class and implement all `abstract` methods. See the following tests as examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use these base classes, just create a new test class, extending the appropriate base class and add implementations for all `abstract` methods. See the following tests as examples:
```

* `SCRIPT`-only extension: [cloud-storage-extension](https://github.com/exasol/cloud-storage-extension/blob/main/src/test/java/com/exasol/cloudetl/extension/ExtensionIT.java)

> * `VIRTUAL SCHEMA` extension: [s3-document-files-virtual-schema](https://github.com/exasol/s3-document-files-virtual-schema/blob/main/src/test/java/com/exasol/adapter/document/files/extension/ExtensionIT.java)

Reviewer: :+1:
